ghost is a revolutionary marine platform
developed and built by Juliet marine
systems a private American company
located in Portsmouth New Hampshire
juliet marines technologies will
dramatically change the marine
industries understanding of propulsion
for surface and subsurface manned and
unmanned vessels ghost is designed and
built to address the growing
international threat of combatant swarm
attacks waterborne IEDs and piracy ghost
technology is suitable for fleet force
protection Special Operations is our
command and control and mine warfare and
detection ghost is a fast agile
long-range super cavitating semi
submersible surface craft as a small
water plane area twin hall or swath it
is comprised of three main structures
two movable underwater boy and tubular
foil halls and a command module that
rides above the water on 2 thin
connecting struts ghost has a crew of
three a pilot a weapons officer and a
crew engineer ghosts command module
weapons Bay in its current configuration
can accommodate 18 personnel or cannons
and missile technologies such as the
Griffin AP kws and spike deployed from
internal weapons bays or from the skin
of the craft like an attack helicopter
ghost was developed as a long-range
coastal patrol vessel for geographic
locations such as the straits of hormuz
the Malacca Straits the South China Sea
the Gulf of Aden Taiwan and Korea and
has an extremely long range to
accomplish missions and patrols in these
areas ghost could also be used by the US
Coast Guard and other security forces
for patrol rescue and counterdrug
operations ghost in its current
configuration weighs approximately
48,000 pounds
craft disassembles into three main
components two struts and buoyant
tubular foils and a command module and
can be flown on a c-17 and reassembled
in 24 hours with a transport trailer
ghosts can be moved by rail or over the
road ghosts can also be transported and
deployed using ships or the well decks
of al P DS LS DS and LHDs it could also
be sea based from a barge ghost
propulsion uses aviation quality
reliable gas turbine engines that
provide unmatched reliability with
10,000 hours of operation prior to major
overhaul an engine propulsion change
takes just two hours to be mission ready
ghost jet propulsion engines fuel
systems operational computers and
controls are located underwater and thus
are protected from enemy weapons ghosts
can operate on man and its size and
payload can be scaled up or down
depending on application and mission
needs ghost has a revolutionary Hall
design that can transform well underway
to provide either the best configuration
for sea keeping for slow speed operation
or the best configuration for high speed
to provide wave isolation between the
halls and command module this elevation
of the command module above the sea
surface results in a smooth ride
eliminating the debilitating impact
injuries inherent in planing hull craft
in use today ghost gets the warrior to
the battle fit to fight not fatigued
from the g-forces absorbed in transit in
planing craft in addition this isolation
of the center hall command module from
the wave action of the sea surface
provides a much more stable base for a
weapon system increasing accuracy and
effectiveness ghost is designed to carry
a weapons or sensor payload to
accommodate anti swarm force protection
special operations ISR and command and
control missions ghosts weapons bay
doors can accommodate twenty millimeter
Gatling guns and multiple rocket missile
systems the ghost moon pool can be used
to deploy and recover
you UVs and mine countermeasure systems
ghosts currently has a reduced signature
and future ghosts can be designed to
have a very low radar noise and heat
signature ghost has game-changing range
cruise speeds sprint speeds and payload
capacity - gas turbine engines generate
abundant electrical power to serve the
warfighter requirements for a wide array
of mission needs with varied payload
modules this advanced proven design
allows for longer range missions longer
loiter time on target and cruise
security and either the turbine or
hybrid drive mode ghosts unique aircraft
like manufacturing concept allows for
fabrication of all major structures at
outlying qualified sheet metal
fabrication companies providing for very
competitive low cost manufacturing
ghosts innovative design and fabrication
techniques coupled with game-changing
fuel efficiency translate into lower
total ownership costs and unrivaled
operational characteristics the ghosts
high speed stable ride endurance and
easily reconfigurable payload provide
the punch and maneuverability of an
aircraft with days of on-station time to
assure see Space dominance for today and
tomorrow's warfighter ghost the platform
of choice for fleet force protection
Special Operations and is our missions